ENH: groupby missing data in index (#28097)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v1.0.0.rst

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-

> - ``IndexError`` would not raise if all index values in some index level is missing data (:issue:`20519`)

Reviewer: Is this MultiIndex-specific? If so, note that. Something like "if all the values in a level of a MultiIndex were missing".

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-

> - ``IndexError`` would not raise if all the values in a level of a MultiIndex were missing (:issue:`20519`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Bug in :meth:`DataFrame.groupby` with multiple groups where an ``IndexError`` would be raised if any group contained all NA values (:issue:`20519`)
```

Author: Thank you for feedback. I  think about second test case and i also think duplicate part compare to first one. So i remove it.
